Bu: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
sahneler: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
çok: 2 defa bulunmaktadır
konuşulacak!: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Kanal: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
D'de: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
başrollerini: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Gökçe: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Bahadır: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
(Aysel),: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Uğur: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Polat: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
(Ethem): 1 defa bulunmaktadır
ve: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
İlker: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Kaleli'nin: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
(İrfan): 1 defa bulunmaktadır
oynadığı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
'Kayıp: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Şehir'de: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
yarın: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
akşam: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
yine: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
heyecan: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
var: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
‘İrfan’: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
aşık: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
olduğu: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
ama: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
yüz: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
bulamadığı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
hayat: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
kadını: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
‘Aysel’in: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
kalbini: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
nihayet: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
kazanacak.: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
İkilinin: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
bu: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
yatak: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
sahnesi: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
çok: 2 defa bulunmaktadır
konuşulacak.: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
