Silopi'de: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
kepenkler: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
kapatıldı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Şırnak: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Silopi: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
İlçesi'nde: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
açlık: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
grevlerine: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
destek: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
amaçlı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
esnaf: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
kepenk: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
kapattı.: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
İlçede: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
sabah: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
saatlerinde: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
açık: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
olan: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
işyerlerine: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
'kepenk: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
kapatın': 1 defa bulunmaktadır
uyarısı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
yapıldı.: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Esnafın: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
uyarıyı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
dikkate: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
almasıyla: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
alışveriş: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
için: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
çarşıya: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
çıkan: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
vatandaşlar: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
nereye: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
gideceklerini: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
şaşırdı.: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
İlçede,: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
çıkabilecek: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
olaylara: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
karşı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
polis: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
devriye: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
gezdi.: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
SELİM: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
YALÇIN: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
/: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
ŞIRNAK: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
