Ördek: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
avı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
sonu: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
oldu: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
DENİZLİ'DE: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
feci: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
kaza...: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Bilgihan: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Temel: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
(25),: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
avladığı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
ördeği: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
almak: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
için: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
girdiği: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
gölde: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
boğuldu.: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Olay,: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Buldan: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
İlçesi'nde: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
avlanmanın: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
yasak: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
olduğu: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
1'nci: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
derecede: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
sit: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
alanı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
olan: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Süleymanlı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Yayla: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Gölü'nde: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
meydana: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
geldi.: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Temel'in: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
cansız: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
bedenine: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
ancak 2: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
günlük: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
çalışma: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
sonunda: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
ulaşıldı.: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
HACI: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
SELAMOĞLU: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
