'Faşist': 2 defa bulunmaktadır
çıkışı,: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
sosyal: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
medyada: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
'duman': 1 defa bulunmaktadır
etti: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Bir: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
süre: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
önce: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
katıldığı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
söyleşide: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
sigara: 2 defa bulunmaktadır
içtiği: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
için: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
kendisini: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
uyaran: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
öğrenciye: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
'Faşist': 2 defa bulunmaktadır
dediği: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
iddia: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
edilen: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Okan: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Bayülgen'in: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
'o: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
konuşması': 1 defa bulunmaktadır
internete: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
düştü.: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Videoda,: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Yeditepe: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Üniversitesi'ndeki: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
bir: 2 defa bulunmaktadır
etkinliğe: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
konuşmacı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
olarak: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
katılan: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Bayülgen,: 2 defa bulunmaktadır
salonda: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
sigara: 2 defa bulunmaktadır
içince: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
bir: 2 defa bulunmaktadır
kız: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
öğrenci: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
tarafından: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
uyarılıyor.: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Bunun: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
üzerine: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
öğrenciye,: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
'Sen: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
faşistsin': 1 defa bulunmaktadır
diyen: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Bayülgen: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
herkesi: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
şoke: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
eden: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
sözlerini: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
şöyle: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
sürdürüyor:: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Sen: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
sokakta: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
öpüşen: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
insanları: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
gördüğünde: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
de: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
yanlarına: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
gidip,: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
'Ben: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
10: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
senedir: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
öpüşmüyorum,: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
burada: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
öpüşemezsiniz': 1 defa bulunmaktadır
diye: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
uyarıyor: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
musun?...: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Sanal: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
alemde: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
büyük: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
tepki: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
gören: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Bayülgen,: 2 defa bulunmaktadır
twitter'da: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
da: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
protesto: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
edildi.: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
