Ünlü: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
oyuncunun: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
en: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
mutlu: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
günü!: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
TRT: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
1’de: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
ekrana: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
gelen: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
“Leyla: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
ile: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Mecnun”: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
dizisinde: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Erdal: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Bakkal’a: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
hayat: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
veren: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Cengiz: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Bozkurt: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
ikinci: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
kez: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
baba: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
oldu.: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Bozkurt’un: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
bebek: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
haberini: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
rol: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
arkadaşı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Ahmet: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Mümtaz: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Taylan: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
twitter’dan: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
duyurdu. : 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Bozkurt,: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
fotoğrafı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
önce: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
“Kızımız: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
geldi,: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
adını: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Feriha: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Koyduk”: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
sonra: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
da: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
“Kızımın: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
adı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
İdil”: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
notuyla: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
duyurdu.: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
