Esad'dan: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
o: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
çağrıya: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
ret!: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Esad: 2 defa bulunmaktadır
yönetimi: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
BM'nin: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
ateşkes: 2 defa bulunmaktadır
teklifini: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
reddetti: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Birleşmiş: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Milletler'in: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
(BM),: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
Esad: 2 defa bulunmaktadır
yönetimine: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
yapmış: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
olduğu: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
tek: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
taraflı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
ateşkes: 2 defa bulunmaktadır
çağrısı: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
yönetim: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
tarafından: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
kabul: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
görmedi.: 1 defa bulunmaktadır
